The Joe Rogan experience. I have to at least bring this up a little bit,
to clarify a little bit what I did to John Dudley on the jujitsu
mats.
You broke his nerve. See me what you did. Here's.
The only part that you're missing it missing a little bit. Right?
So I'm giving him his wife, uh, like, uh,
like a digital private.
So you actually Andy's there Andy's there. Little dud was there.
So it was getting.
Worse. He broke his neck in front of his wife and his son.
So I'm just completely, you know, I'm chilling and like, Hey, this is this,
this is that. And I'm not even,
I'm not even doing this in one weekend. Andy, John and me,
we did, we did archery,
which I had never done before then we did jujitsu,
which John had never done before. And then we went and got in the wind tunnel,
which John had never done before, you know? Cause Andy's like a sky,
God parachuting, blah, blah, blah. And so we did those three things.
It was kind of like a cool weekend. I mean, that's kind of an epic weekend.
Really? Let's be honest. So it's jujitsu time. So I'm like, okay,
cool. So I'm going over, Hey, this is the guard.
This is the mountain going over all the basic stuff. Um, uh, um,
I'm just giving the basic overall kind of concepts. So I get done with that,
you know, and I'm done, like I'm done. I I'm just done. I'm like, okay.
You know, great. It's good introduction. And then Dudley is like, well,
let's go a little bit. And I'm like, does the.
Wrong language? I would've pulled them aside, come here. So, so, so he's like,
let's go a little bit. And even.
That, you know what? I'm totally cool with that. Of course he wasn't.
I thought he wasn't meaning he wasn't, he wasn't thinking.
He was going to be there. Wasn't he he's he wants to experience.
I shouldn't have even said, let's go a little, like.
He was like, he was like, Hey, can we, can we try it? You know,
something like that, just being cool. And I'm like, absolutely man, no problem.
So, so I laid down on the ground, right. And I'm like,
he says, well, what should I do? I go, you know, just attack me.
So I lay down on my back. I'm like, just attack me and guess what he did.
What'd he do? He freaking attacked me. He like came at me and Doug,
he's a big, strong athletic guy. He's six. What is he? Six. Five at least. Yeah.
So he come, he, he grabs it and I'm chilling, you know, I'm just like, okay,
cool. He comes at me. I think, I think he like grabbed me.
And so I kind of replaced guard and then I sweep him and um,
and saw mounted and all this is just pretty chill. And I put in a Z,
a Z kill choke. Right. Which I have a little Nokia's is choke. I have a little,
I have a little good technique for doing it, but no big deal.
So I put in these equal choke he's this is the thing that I really
wish I should have explained more because we hadn't rolled. I wasn't like, Hey,
when you start to feel like you gotta, you gotta tap out. Right.
He knew to tap out, but I kinda figured everyone knows how to tap out.
So I put the choking on him. Right? Well, he doesn't know what to do.
So he he's grabbing me. He's pulling, he's squeezing me.
So he's on the bottom. I'm mounted. I've got these equal choking.
And in order to defend himself in his own mind,
he's squeezing me into him, which the way I do my as equal choke,
it hurts. I mean, it compresses the choke even more.
And so what are you doing specifically? Basically, I.
Put my hand,
I make a fist and I put my fist in my sternum and then I grabbed the
form here and then arch my shoulder. So there's the neck right here.
It closes it. Right. So it's putting the fist into the fist into, right. It's a,
it's a trait, it's an air choke. It's gnarly.
And so I'm just doing this and you can see that hole and you shrug,
but as I'm doing this, he's panicking and pulling.
Me into him. Oh Jesus. And.
He only did it for a second. And then he turned any taps out and I was like,
yeah. You know, and I wasn't, I was just like, oh, you know, boom.
And then he taps. And then the rest of the stories, I guess,
I didn't know a lot about the rest of this day. I didn't know any.
Of the rest of the story. Cause he didn't want to see.
Baby. Yeah. Fractured like his hyoid bone.
And then it built calcium up around it.
So he calls up Andy one day and he goes, dude, I think I got throat cancer.
Is there something growing in my throat? And he goes to, the doctor,
gets an x-ray and he's like, Hey, did you do something to your neck?
Because there's a, there's a hairline fracture.
That's not now calcium deposit around it. And he's like, oh,
I know what happened.
So I guess in my defense,
why didn't.
You just get him in like a head and arm toot or something?
It wasn't that it wasn't like a big deal.
It wasn't, it wasn't crazy. It wasn't crazy. It was just normal. It'd be like,
if, if you grabbed.
Somebody that showed up here was like, Hey, you know what, Hey,
can you roll with me? He'd be like, oh cool.
And you put them in a kind of whatever presented itself.
Maybe you don't mock them. Maybe you'd.
Do a commuter when you get used to doing certain types of chokes.
And then you're doing it to someone who doesn't, especially that,
where you've got to fish.
Yeah. And then neck and I w this is, I guess this is the only thing, uh,
make no mistake about it. Even though I was just chilling. He was not,
he was going level seven, berserker mode, all be.
He's such a good athlete. You know,
about people that have never done jujitsu when they're doing it with someone
who's a black belt is they probably feel like they can just kind of go crazy and
you'll just absorb it and deal with it. And so they just try it.
Let's see what happens when I go crazy.
So now he holds us over my head know he broke his neck. Yeah. Oh, I.
Know. I know. One day I'm like, I'm like, we're up in Montana. And I said,
Hey man. He's like, he says, like, he was at my house. He's off.
Thanks for having us over. I go, bro, you, you know,
you taught me how to do this. You brought me up here. You take me hunting.
Like you're doing all this awesome stuff, man. I, you know, you're the man,
dude. I really appreciate it. He goes, yeah. And you know what you did for me?
I'm like what? And he goes, I broke my neck.
It's awful, bro. It's all good now though, right? Oh yeah.
It's not bothering him anymore. Oh, I don't know about that.
I thought you meant it's all good between us. It's all good.
[inaudible].
And things about, you.
Know, he coughs, oh no. He coughs. Hopefully. I mean,
I haven't talked to him about it. I don't like to bring it up a lot, but.
So there's something in there that's with his throat making him cough.
So they'd have to probably get in there and scrape it.
So while we're hunting, he would be like,
and then he'd look at me and I'm just thinking, oh, I'm such a,
such a horrible person. Oh no,